boss
I'll bring you the order.
Let go of our young lady
Madam is right
In your hand
Miss Lin is the young woman of our four major families
What if something happens to him?
Don't say you can't handle men and women
Even if you run to the ends of the earth
We won't let you try.
No wonder you look down on me directly
It turns out that you have already climbed the high branch.
I thought you were so innocent
So that was it.
I don't know.
I really don't know.
Who is the young master behind the four families?
Master Bao, I promise you
Just give me the remaining order.
You have what you want.
Can you get out? These things are not enough
What more do you want?
Tell you to destroy our Wang family
Just want to make up for it with this money
It's never enough.
I want them. I want them dead.
Okay, how are the four of us, Mrs. Wan Shao?
Save them
Why is that?
you
Don't you forget
I still have them.
The young master is about to leave the little lady
Don't worry about our young master